README.md, before:

# BiteSpeed Chatbot flow builder

This is a frontend assignment project built as part of the selection process for a Frontend Engineer role at **Bitespeed**.

The application allows users to create and connect chatbot conversation flows visually using draggable nodes. Built using **React.js + Vite**, it features modern UI using **Tailwind CSS v4**, interactive canvas using **React Flow**, and toast notifications via **React Hot Toast**.

## Tech Stack

- **React.js + Vite** – Fast development environment and component-based UI
- **Tailwind CSS v4** – for styling (with custom CSS class extensions)
- **React Flow v12.8.0** – Interactive node-based flow editor
- **React Router DOM** – Routing setup for component separation
- **React Hot Toast** – Notification system for UX feedback and setting alerts for flow
- **Zustand** - (installed, created store, but **not used currently** for state optimization)

## Features Implemented

- [x] Drag-and-drop message nodes on the board
- [x] Add and connect nodes via edges and handles
- [x] Click to edit the message text in the settings panel
- [x] Show toast when invalid edge is added (e.g., duplicate)
- [x] Dropdown for node type selection (currently disabled)
- [x] Designed to easily support additional node types in future
- [x] Clear layout with `NavBar`, `Chatbot` and `Board` separation
- [x] Clean and modular React components

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
> 1. Clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/Harsh7258/BiteSpeed-Frontend-Task-Chatbot-flow.git
cd chatbot-flow-builder

> 2. Install Dependencies
npm install

> 3. Run the Project Locally
npm run dev
Visit http://localhost:5173 in your browser.
```

### This my project for BiteSpeed frontend assignment

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

Commit message:

edit: readme, overview images, about me;)

README.md, after:

# BiteSpeed Chatbot flow builder

This is a frontend assignment project built as part of the selection process for a Frontend Engineer role at **Bitespeed**.

The application allows users to create and connect chatbot conversation flows visually using draggable nodes. Built using **React.js + Vite**, it features modern UI using **Tailwind CSS v4**, interactive canvas using **React Flow**, and toast notifications via **React Hot Toast**.

## Tech Stack

- **React.js + Vite** – Fast development environment and component-based UI
- **Tailwind CSS v4** – for styling (with custom CSS class extensions)
- **React Flow v12.8.0** – Interactive node-based flow editor
- **React Router DOM** – Routing setup for component separation
- **React Hot Toast** – Notification system for UX feedback and setting alerts for flow
- **Zustand** - (installed, created store, but **not used currently** for state optimization)

## Features Implemented

- [x] Drag-and-drop message nodes on the board
- [x] Add and connect nodes via edges and handles
- [x] Click to edit the message text in the settings panel
- [x] Show toast when invalid edge is added (e.g., duplicate)
- [x] Dropdown for node type selection (currently disabled)
- [x] Designed to easily support additional node types in future
- [x] Clear layout with `NavBar`, `Chatbot` and `Board` separation
- [x] Clean and modular React components

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
> 1. Clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/Harsh7258/BiteSpeed-Frontend-Task-Chatbot-flow.git
cd chatbot-flow-builder

> 2. Install Dependencies
npm install

> 3. Run the Project Locally
npm run dev
Visit http://localhost:5173 in your browser.
```

### Demo Screenshots

Screenshot 1 - ![Home view](/public//images/home.png)
Screenshot 2 - ![Chatbot borad](/public/images/chatbot.png)
Screenshot 3 - ![Settings message Panel](/public/images/message.png)
Screenshot 4 - ![Nodes save error alert](/public/images/error.png)

### This my project for BiteSpeed frontend assignment

Hi! I'm K. Harsh Naidu, a developer and I believe I'm a strong fit for the Frontend Developer SDE 1 role at Bitespeed.
This project was built with full dedication, clean code practices, and attention to extensibility and UX.
I'm excited about the opportunity and look forward to hearing from you soon!

- Email: harshnaidu@example.com
- LinkedIn: [https://www.linkedin.com/in/k-harsh-naidu-20012928a/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/k-harsh-naidu-20012928a/)
- Resume: [K. Harsh Naidu - Frontend Developer SDE 1](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sg_DBde1yAWSaNpII5cuma30rBKJFfPv/view?usp=sharing)

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.
